hey guys welcome back today we're out
the long range getting ready to go on a
pig hunt it's going to happen at the end
of this month and of course you're going
to bring the video cameras along and
bring you guys along with us I've been
evaluating the rifles I would be
bringing with me on this hunt and two of
the contenders are here with me right
now we're getting them zeroed in to get
them set up plus we may have a surprise
appearance by a company and we'll talk
about that later once we get the actual
hunting grounds that may be bringing out
a prototype rifle that we'll get to play
with as well all fingers are crossed
hoping that they actually are able to
come out and join us on the hunt it will
be a three-day hunt and we're going to
be hunting with a squeal team 6 in
Georgia and we're also going to be going
out with hero hunt which is a group that
takes out wounded veterans and takes
them hunting so we're all going out
we're going to spend a few days in the
woods and we're going to be hunting some
pointers and what I have in front of me
right now are the two top contenders for
the rifles that I'll be using while
we're out on this hunt here's my Midwest
industries ar-15 this is a billet rifle
it has a stainless steel match barrel on
it and I've painted it black it is in
300 blackout on the end I have a recce 7
Griffin armaments suppressor and it's
topped off with a bro BTO combat optic
these optics are outstanding this is a
perfect optic I think for what I want to
do with it
now keep in mind I've never been on a
pig hunt so you guys are going with me
on my very first pig hunt but I'm pretty
sure given what I know about the ranges
we're looking at between 75 and 100
yards this the site should do quite well
with this rifle setup I'm also probably
going to bring along the CMG mark 47
mutant I've been shooting this with an
endpoint patrol optic on it and also
with the recce 7 suppressor it's fairly
quiet it's not quite as quiet as a 300
blackout but it does get very quiet that
ricky 7 on it and using tool ammunition
it's doing about two-inch groups you're
so out here with red dot sight at 100
yards the midwest industry has done
however we've brought it out to kind of
get a feel for how it's going to perform
with the number of different types of
bullets and loads and in our testing
today we've been using some hornaday 208
grain a max these are subsonic loads
matter of fact all the loads we'll be
taking out with us on
on what 300 blackout will be subsonic
and also guerilla ammunition which is
using a 220 grain cierra bullet which is
subsonic tested it today and then the
Silencerco harvester again a 220 grain
subsonic cierra bullet the rounds I'll
go ahead and let you in on how they
perform the best group of the day was
turned in by the silencer kill harvester
220 green loads this is a one inch group
it's fairly consistently doing this it
seems to be the most consistent ammo for
sure and you can see I've got it
bullseye zeroed for the ammo that's it
100 yards next up is the guerrilla
ammunition 220 grain and that last group
was one inch group this is under an inch
and I had this one wild flyer could have
been the shooter but the guerrilla
ammunition is performing very similarly
but I don't have a whole lot of it I
only have two boxes left so I don't know
if I'll be able to use it and then last
is the Hornet EA max looking at a good
two-inch group and it probably won't be
bringing it along it seems to be
consistently with this rifle anyway
shooting the largest groups so right now
it certainly looks like the way I'm
going to go through in a blackout will
be the Silencerco harvester 220 grain
loads so I have plenty of that stuff I
should be good to go there fortunately
it's the most accurate the recce 7 I'll
be moving between the mutant and the 300
blackout the recce 7 is a direct thread
suppressor with a taper amount I have a
flash comp on here from Griffin armament
and this thing is absolutely silly quiet
if you want to get a rifle that's almost
Hollywood quiet this is the way to go
300 blackout subsonic ammunition and it
can like the recce 7 seriously guys the
reset on the trigger of the rifle is as
loud as the gunshot where I'm sitting so
it's extremely quiet it's going to take
those pigs by surprise we'll probably be
leaving here in the next week and a half
or so to head down to Georgia I'll keep
you guys posted on Facebook and on
Instagram as to our progress
give you some behind-the-scenes
information as we're filming the shoot
I'll be posting to social media the
entire time so if you don't already
follow me on Instagram please do I'll
put a link down below also follow us on
Facebook you can find me on facebook at
facebook.com/ forward slash from
military arms I'll put a link down below
that's how you can keep up with this
while we're on the hunt and then I'll
post the video when we get back
hopefully we have luck and we come home
with a lot of bacon if you guys have any
questions please feel free to swing by
our Facebook page already gave the
information on that and also if you
haven't already please check out full
30.com thats full30 dot-com and I think
you're going to like what you see there
a lot of the web's top gun content
creators are posting there and please
swing by and check us out at Copper
custom which is copper custom calm
that's our online store if you want to
support the military arms channel it's
the best possible way thanks for
watching everybody I look forward to
bringing you updates we'll talk to you
guys soon